Add structure for OLS-3 (#230)
open-life-science/open-life-science.github.io: _ols-3/speaker-guide.md

---
layout: page
title: OLS Speaker Guide
image: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1586985564259-6211deb4c122?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjEyMDd9&auto=format&fit=crop&w=1215&q=80
photos:
  name: Visuals on Unsplash
  license: CC-0
  url: https://unsplash.com/photos/Y4qzW3AsvqI
redirect_from: /ols-speaker-guide
---

Thank you for considering speaking at our upcoming Cohort call! We look forward to welcoming you. **🎉🥳️👏**

# About Open Life Science

The [Open Life Science (OLS) program]({% link index.md %}) is
designed for the early-stage researchers and potential academic leaders
in becoming Open Science ambassadors in their communities.

This program is led by the OLS team members, i.e. us - Bérénice Batut,
Malvika Sharan and Yo Yehudi. You can reach out to us by emailing
[{{ site.email }}](mailto:{{ site.email }}).

> We are currently running our [second cohort with 33
> projects]({% link _ols-3/projects-participants.md %})
> (September-December 2020) that consist of around 50 participants ([see this
> post]({% link _posts/2020-09-01-ols2-announcement.md %})).
> A complete syllabus of this cohort can be found [here]({% link _ols-3/schedule.md %}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are currently running our [third cohort]({% link _ols-3/projects-participants.md %})
(Feb-May 2021).
A complete syllabus of this cohort can be found [here]({% link _ols-3/schedule.md %}).
```
